[Bug] - Anomali threatstream v3 (#21150)
demisto/content: Packs/Anomali_ThreatStream/ReleaseNotes/2_0_16.md

#### Integrations
##### Anomali ThreatStream v3
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/py3-tools:1.0.0.33659*.

> - Fixed an issue where the reputation commands failed when configuring the integration with *Create relationships* equals False.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***domain*** command failed when *threat_model_association* was set to *True* and the *Create relationships* parameter was not checked.
```
